Problem Description:
There are a large number of articles and their corresponding titles that have been downloaded from Wikipedia. But the problem is that the articles and their titles are jumbled up in a group of 10 articles. We are given 3 files named trainq.json, examdata1.json and testq.json. In the trainq.json, we are given the title_ids for each data point, the matching ans_id for the corresponding title. The title_ids are for the titles and the ans_ids are for the articles. The third column is the candidates column. These candidates are a group of 10 ans_ids which are the potential matches for a particular title. But here in the trainq.json, we already know the best match in the ans_id column. Now coming to the examdata1.json file, it has 2 columns, the first column stores all the title_ids and the ans_ids and the second column stores the respective title and article text. Finally, in the testq.json file, we have the title_ids and the candidates (list of len 10).

Task: Using machine learning, we need to sort the candidates in such a way that the first one would have the best match, the second would be the next best match and so on.
This project was a good practice of NLP, data preprocessing, creation of new features and fitting the right model for the job. I hope you like this project. Since it was an online coding problem, my model got a great score of 96% out of 100.
In the MLP.ipynb file I train an MLP to achieve the same task. Since this was a coding test question, I didn't get a chance to test out the model evaluation score. Nonetheless, it is nice to have different approaches to the same problem.
